Create line.rst (#55)
novialriptide/pygame_geometry: docs/line.rst

    | :sg:`Line(x1, y1, x2, y2) -> Line`
    | :sg:`Line((x1, y1), (x2, y2)) -> Line`
    | :sg:`Line(object) -> Line`

    Pygame uses Line objects to represent lines using coordinates and provide
    useful methods to work with lines. A line can be created from a combination of
    x1, y1, x2 and y2 values. Lines can also be created from python objects that
    are already a Line or have an attribute named "line".

    Any pygame function that requires a Line argument also accepts any of these
    values to construct a Line. This makes it easier to create Lines on the fly
    as arguments to functions.

    The Line object is also iterable:

    ::

      line = Line(0, 1, 2, 3)
      x1, y1, x2, y2 = line

    .. method:: copy

        | :sl:`copy the line`
        | :sg:`copy() -> line`

        Returns a new Line having the same coordinates as the original

        .. ## Line.copy ##

    .. method:: raycast

        | :sl:`cast a ray against a list of shapes/colliders`
        | :sg:`raycast(List[Union[Line, Rect, Circle]]) -> Union[Tuple[float, float], None]`

        Performs a raycast against a list of supported shapes, and returns whether the line

>         intersects with each of the shapes or not.

Reviewer: This kinda makes it soud like this function returns a bool. Could be enough to say `...and returns the closest intersection found, None if there aren't any.`
And right below this you could rephrase to 
`The intersection point is a tuple containing the x and y coordinate of the closest intersection point.`
This way it's simpler, more compact and easier to read.

Another thing to add could be a list of the shapes you can raycast against, that are `Line,` `Circle`, `Rect` and `Polygon`. Also specify that the behaviour of raycast() is always the same, no matter the shape used. The sequence can either be a homogeneous sequence or an heterogeneus one, behaviour will always be the same.

        Returns an x and y coordinate pair (tuple of float values) if there is an intersection
        found. Otherwise returns None if no intersection found.

        .. ## Line.raycast ##

    .. method:: collideline

        | :sl:`check if two lines intersect or not`
        | :sg:`collideline(Line) -> bool`
        | :sg:`collideline(LineLike) -> bool`

        Returns True if the two lines intersect. Otherwise returns False.

        .. ## Line.collideline ##

    .. method:: collidepoint

        | :sl:`check if a point is on a line or not`
        | :sg:`collidepoint(Point) -> bool`
        | :sg:`collidepoint(x, y) -> bool`
        | :sg:`collidepoint(PointLike) -> bool`

>         Returns True if the point is on the line. Otherwise returns False.

Reviewer: A little change, apply this to the other places like this. Also remember to use ` around python stuff like True, False and None.
```suggestion
        Returns `True` if the point is on the line, `False` otherwise.
```

        .. ## Line.collidepoint ##

    .. method:: collidecircle

        | :sl:`check if the line collides with the given circle or not`
        | :sg:`collidecircle(Circle) -> bool`

        Returns True if the line collides with the circle. Otherwise returns False.

        .. ## Line.collidecircle ##

    .. method:: colliderect

        | :sl:`check if the line collides with the rectangle or not`
        | :sg:`colliderect(Rect) -> bool`
        | :sg:`colliderect(RectLike) -> bool`

        Returns True if the line collides with the Rectangle. Otherwise returns False.

        .. ## Line.colliderect ##

    .. method:: as_rect

        | :sl:`returns the rectangle bounding the given line`
        | :sg:`as_rect() -> Rect`

>         Returns a rectangle such that the given line is the diagonal of the rectangle.

Reviewer: Maybe just say that it returns the smallest rectangle that encloses the line.

        .. ## Line.as_rect ##

    .. method:: update

        | :sl:`update the current line with new values`
        | :sg:`update(Line) -> None`
        | :sg:`update(LineLike) -> None`

>         Updates the current line values to the new values provided. Returns None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Updates the line endpoints to the new provided positions. This function always returns `None`.
```
